# Lab Meeting Agenda - August 24th, 2017


## Open Agenda Items?

How is everyone doing?

What do you want this meeting to be?

How often do we need to meet?

Journal club? If so, you should get credit.


## Upcoming Stuff

Sept 17th - Sunday with a Scientist

Sept 18th - Big grant review - I will check and get more information on your involvement, but it should be like the plant phenotyping conference


## Old Stuff Josh still has to do:

protocol for endophytes posted online

greenhouse information for everyone

Anything else?


## New Stuff

Ordering supplies? What do you need?

Bleach?

White tags?

I need to transfer the DNA extraction kit order to Plant Sciences


## Projects that I need help on:

MAIZE! MAIZE! MAIZE! (Karen & Thais, but many others outside of the lab too)

Projects with Brazil (Thais)

Soybean Stuff

Hops

Vine leaf sampling

Orchard Outbreak - Tiny project

Tim's Projects - benchmarking!

McIntire-Stennis - Green Ash Project

DNA Study


## Managing Lab Things

github

HCC - Do we need more memory? This is not critical at the moment.

Keys, Desks, etc.?



